hey what's up guys this uni rigueur
since me a nice little top 5 video for
you guys so I'm going to go through the
top five players for pace dribbling
shooting defending passing and heading
so yeah going into the first top-five
now whisper pace in fifth place for
peace we have rojas with 95 then we have
a banger with 95 as well then in third
place we have the french winger of 96
pace followed by Pheo wilcott who also
has 96 pace then in first place we have
bali who has 97 pace so going into the
top-five dribblers now for the top-five
dribblers we have any esther in fifth
place of 91 then we have name of 92 then
we have Robin who also has 92 then we
have rebreathe 93 and then in first
place we have messy with 96 dribbling so
going into the top five shooters right
now in fifth place for shooting we have
Wayne Rooney of 87 then we have
Ibrahimovic of 89 van Persie also has 89
same for messy as well and then in first
place we have run out of 90 so going
into the defending top five right now
for the top five defenders we have
company in fifth place of 86 followed by
the inventors centre-back horse has 86
and then Hummels who also has 86 and in
second place we have Thiago Silva 87 and
then in first we have Samuel with 87 as
well so going into the top five passes
right now in fifth place for passing we
have tati of 88 followed by Fabregas who
has 90 then Pirlo of 91 then Iniesta
also has 91 and then in first place
there is Chevy with 92 so going into the
final the top five right now boys for
heading in fifth place for heading there
is Richards with 88 then we have Andy
Carroll in 45 88 and then inferred place
we have Cahill of 89 and in foul
carriage second who also is 89 and then
in first place vidish with 90 so that is
it for the six top five so I've gone for
in this video now so see us uni riggers
and hope you enjoyed this quick little
video and if you have please leave a
like